Just an average boy. He always wore a smile. He was cheerful and happy for a short while. Now he's older, Things are getting colder Life's not what he thought he wished someone had told him
he told you he was down, you let it slip by. So from then on, he kept it on the inside. He told himself he was alright. But he was telling white lies. Can't you tell? Look at his dull eyes. Tried to stop himself from crying almost every night
But he knew there was no chance of feeling alright. Summer came by, all he wore was long sleeves
'Cause those cuts on him wrists were bleeding through you see
he knew he was depressed, didn't want to admit it. Didn't think he fit it, everyone seemed to miss it
he carried on like a soldier with a battle wound. Bleeding out from every cut his body consumed
he had no friends at school, all alone he sat, And if someone were to notice he would blame the cat
But those cuts on his wrist, they were no mistake. But no one cared enough to save him from this self-hate. Things were going down, never really up. And here he is now stuck in this stupid rut
he knew exactly what he had to do next. Just stand on that chair and tie the rope around his neck
he wrote a letter with his hands shaking wild, "Look at me now! Are you proud of your precious child?"
But he knew that his parents weren't the ones to blame
It was the world that should bow down its head in shame
he stood up on the chair and looked out at the moon
Just don't think, it'll all be over soon. The chair fell down as he took his final breath. It's all over, all gone, now he's greeting death
His girlfriend walks in, she falls down to the floor, And now nothing can take back what she just saw
The little boy that she loved is just hanging there. His body's pale and his face is violently bare. She sees the note and unfolds it with care
All she does is stare. How can this be fair? She starts reading as the tears roll down her face. I'm sorry babe but this world is just not my place I've tried for so long to fix this and fit in. I've come to realize this world's full of sin. There's nothing for me here, I'm just a waste of space. I've got no reason to stay here with this awful race.
It's a disgrace, I was misplaced
Born in the wrong time and in the wrong place. It's okay though, 'cause you'll see me soon
You'll know when your time has come. Just look at the moon
As it shines bright throughout the night, And remember everyone's facing their own fight. But I can't deal with the pain, I'm not a fighter. You'll make it through the night. Just hug your pillow tighter. So let the world know, that I died in vain 'Cause the world around me, is the one to blame, And I know in a year, you'll forget I'm gone 'Cause I'm not really something to be dwelled on. That's what they used to tell me, all those kids at school
So I'm going by the law, "majority rules". My presence on this earth is not needed any longer, And if anything, I hope this makes you stronger. You're the best friend that I ever had. It's such a shame I had to make you so very sad
But just remember that you meant everything to me. And to my heart, you're the only one that held the key. Now it's time to go, I'm running out of space to write
And yes I lost my fight, but please just hold on tight. I'm watching over you from the clouds above
And sending down the purest and whitest dove. To watch over you, and be my helpful eye. So this is it world, goodbye
